Changes in topicmodels version 0.1-3

  o Name tags for Rd files changed to not contain slashes. Thanks to
    Prof. Brian D. Ripley for pointing the problem out as indicated in
    bug PR#14707.

Changes in topicmodels version 0.1-2

  o A small bug fixed when saving interim results for fitting a LDA
    model using Gibbs sampling. Thanks to Nicholas Switanek for
    pointing the problem out.

Changes in topicmodels version 0.1-1

  o Makevars.win changed due to changes on CRAN for making libgsl for
    Windows. Thanks to Prof. Brian D. Ripley for pointing that out.

Changes in topicmodels version 0.1-0

  o The package vignette has been published in the Journal of
    Statistical Software, Volume 40, Issue 13 (www.jstatsoft.org), and
    the paper should be used as citation for the package, run
    citation("topicmodels") for details.

Changes in topicmodels version 0.0-11

  o C code changed to allow the package to compile on Solaris
    systems. Thanks to Prof. Brian D. Ripley for pointing the problems
    out and recommending suitable changes.

Changes in topicmodels version 0.0-10

  o C code changed to avoid warnings of unused variables.

Changes in topicmodels version 0.0-9

  o The slots for documents and terms names are not restricted to be
    of class "vector" any more to allow for document-term matrices
    where no row and/or column names are provided.

Changes in topicmodels version 0.0-8

  o A function perplexity() added for model validation and selection. 
	
  o The input data for LDA() and CTM() can now either be a
    "DocumentTermMatrix" with term-frequency weighting or an object
    coercible to a "simple_triplet_matrix" with integer entries.

  o A bug in the C++ Gibbs sampling code fixed for the random number
    generation. Thanks to Uwe Ligges for pointing the problem out
    which he noted when checking the package for the Windows
    platform.

  o New control arguments added for keeping intermediate
    log-likelihood values during estimation and running repeated runs
    with random initilization.  In addition the number of iterations
    made is now saved with the fitted model.

  o Functions ldaformat2dtm() and dtm2ldaformat() added to transform data
    from the lda package into a "DocumentTermMatrix" object and vice
    versa.
    
  o Bug fixed in rctm.c where for estimate.beta = FALSE one EM step
    was performed.

Changes in topicmodels version 0.0-7

  o The control for topic models now also has a seed argument to
    ensure reproducibility of results and a estimate.beta argument
    which can be used to fix the term distribution over topics after
    initialization.

  o The control for Gibbs sampling allows to specify to return
    repeated draws in a list using arguments burnin, thin and iter.

  o In slot beta for class "TopicModel" the log parameters are stored
    to have a higher accuracy for the VEM code if parameter values are
    close to zero.

  o Call to assert removed in C code to avoid termination of R.

  o TopicModel now has a slot loglikelihood. For models fitted using
    Gibbs sampling this contains the loglikelihood of the corpus, for
    VEM fitted models the vector of loglikelihoods for each document
    separately.

Changes in topicmodels version 0.0-6

  o Memory bug fixed in returnObjectGibbsLDA.

  o A slot save is added to the control objects to specify if the
    results and with which step size intermediate results are saved
    into files.

Changes in topicmodels version 0.0-5

  o Header files changed in utilities.cpp following an advice by
    Prof. Brian D. Ripley.

Changes in topicmodels version 0.0-4

  o Code for installing the package "corpus.JSS.papers" in the
    vignette improved.

  o dir.create() now called with showWarnings = FALSE.

  o bug fixed in get_most_likely() for maximum possible k

First version released on CRAN: 0.0-3
